---
layout: post
title: Conference and Talk
date: 2025-07-17 14:30:00
description: International Category Theory 2025 
tags: math talk conference
categories: talks
giscus_comments: false
related_posts: true
related_publications: shahmohammed2025PartializationsMarkovCategories
---

Had a great time at the [International Category Theory 2025](https://conference.math.muni.cz/ct2025) conference at Masaryk University in Brno.

This was the first CT I'd been to, and my first time in Brno as well. It was great meeting so many people I'd only interacted with online (looks like there's a fairly recurrent "CT crowd"). There were loads of intersting talks, and it was great to get an idea on what kind of stuff people are working on. And as always, its always fun to hang out.

Brno was a really nice city, and apart from the super cool conference events we were lucky enough to have some locals show us around. The organizers did a great job, they managed to book the MU community centre/hall, which had a great setup (and managed to fit the rather large attendance rather comfortably).
It also had a coffee shop right outside, which was a nice touch.

I presented my recent work on "partializations" of Markov categories {% cite shahmohammed2025PartializationsMarkovCategories %} again,[^1] finally fulfilling {% cite fritz2025lln %}'s promise.
Luckily the audience was more or less disjoint from the [ACT one]({% post_url 2025-06-07-act-talk %}).
It went good overall, and I guess I'd gotten better with the 30 minute time constraint the second time around.
It was a split time slot this time. I ended up sharing a slot with talks on categorical logic and type theory, which are big CT areas of interest.
Frankly I was a bit suprised I got as many attendees as I did, since categorical probability doesn't seem to be too big a topic of interest for this conference. So no complaints there.
I did get into some questions and discussions after as well, which was pretty nice.

Overall, a great conference, and I'm looking forward to the next one.

---

[^1]: Preprint's almost done, I promise.
